Add cloud condensate sedimentation velocity (#462)
CliMA/CloudMicrophysics.jl: docs/src/MicrophysicsNonEq.md

- ``c_p`` is the specific heat of air at constant pressure,
- ``R_v`` is the gas constant of water vapor,
- ``L_v`` and ``L_s`` is the latent heat of vaporization and sublimation.

Note that these forms of condensation/sublimation and deposition/sublimation
  are equivalent to those described in the adiabatic parcel model with some rearrangements and assumptions.

> It is just necessary to use the definitions of ``\tau``, ``q_{sl}``, and the thermal diffusivity ``D_v``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see this, it is necessary to use the definitions of ``\tau``, ``q_{sl}``, and the thermal diffusivity ``D_v``:
```

```math
\begin{equation}
  \tau = 4 \pi N_{tot} \bar{r}, \;\;\;\;\;\;\;\;
  q_{sl} = \frac{e_{sl}}{\rho R_v T}, \;\;\;\;\;\;\;\;

>   D_v = \frac{K}{\rho c_p}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  D_v = \frac{K}{\rho c_p}.
```

\end{equation}
```

> and if we assume that the supersaturation S can be approximated by specific humidities (this is only exactly true for mass mixing ratios):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we then assume that the supersaturation ``S`` can be approximated by the specific humidities (this is only exactly true for mass mixing ratios):
```

```math
\begin{equation}

>     S_l = \frac{q_{vap}}{q_{sl}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    S_l = \frac{q_{vap}}{q_{sl}},
```

\end{equation}
```

> then we can write:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we can write
```

```math
\begin{equation}

>   q_{vap} - q_{sl} = q_{sl}(S_l - 1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  q_{vap} - q_{sl} = q_{sl}(S_l - 1).
```

\end{equation}
```

> and ``Gamma`` is equivalent to the ``G`` function used in our parcel and parameterizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``\Gamma_l`` and ``\Gamma_i`` then are equivalent to the ``G`` function used in our parcel model and parameterizations.
```
(Correct?)

## Cloud condensate sedimentation

> We use [Chen2022](@cite) parameterization for cloud liquid and cloud ice sedimentation velocities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use the Chen et al. [Chen2022](@cite) parameterization for cloud liquid and cloud ice sedimentation velocities.
```

> In the 1-moment precipitation scheme we assume that cloud condensate is a continuous field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the 1-moment precipitation scheme, we assume that cloud condensate is a continuous field
```

>   and don't introduce any particle size distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  and don't introduce an explicit particle size distribution.
```

> Here, for the sake of simplicity we assume a monodisperse dize distribution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For simplicity, we assume a monodisperse size distribution
```

  and compute the group terminal velocity based on the volume radius

>   and prescribed number concentration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  and prescribed number concentration:
```

```math
\begin{equation}
  D_{vol} = \frac{\rho_{air} q}{N \rho}
\end{equation}
```
where:
 - ``\rho_{air}`` is the air density,
 - ``q`` is the cloud liquid or cloud ice specific humidity,

>  - ``N`` is the prescribed number concnetration (``500/cm^3`` by default),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - ``N`` is the prescribed number concentration (``500/cm^3`` by default),
```

 - ``\rho`` is the cloud water or cloud ice density.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The sedimentation velocity then is
```

```math
\begin{equation}

>   v_t = v_{term}(D_{vol})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  v_t = v_{term}(D_{vol}).
```

\end{equation}
```

!!! note

>     We are using the B1 table coefficients from [Chen2022](@cite) to compute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    We are using the B1 coefficients from Chen et al. [Chen2022](@cite) to compute
```

>     the cloud condensate velocities. They were fitted for larger particle sizes,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    the cloud condensate velocities. They were fitted for larger particle sizes.
```

>     and to mitigate the errors we are multiplying by a correcting factor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To mitigate the resulting errors, we multiply by a correction factor.
```

>     We should instead find a parameterization that was designed for cloud droplet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    We should instead find a parameterization that was designed for the cloud droplet
```
